Hey everybody, it's Matt. In this video,
I'm going to audit one of my clients and
good friends, Ben Kaplan. I think around
$3 million per year agency. So, I'm
going to be doing a complete audit of
everything that is public. There's not
going to be any internal or
behindthe-scenes details, even though I
have some of those. I'm not going to put
those on the internet for all to see and
maybe copy. But I'm going to look at
everything that Ben is doing well, what
he is not doing well, what he is not
doing at all, and so on. And the things
that I'm going to take a look at in this
video are things like the search
results, the offers, the positioning,
the website funnel, LinkedIn, Tik Tok,
Twitter, Instagram, Facebook, YouTube ad
library, and then if I can get it, the
first email in their flow after you opt
in. If you've never watched one of my
videos before, my name is Matt and I'm
originally from Canada. I'm 29 years old
and over the past 12 years, I have been
a part of three agency exits. So, I kind
of know what I'm doing in the agency
space. I've learned a lot in the last 12
years. And all I really do is make an
agency, sell it, wait for the
non-compete to expire, and then do it
all over again. And I'm going to see
what we can find with no accent colors
in this video. So basically what no
accent colors is is they place you know
colors with no accents for stuff like
appointment setting and so on. So they
do this in a variety of niches. So what
problem do they solve? They solve X
problem for Y niche through Z method.
They solve appointment setting or
getting more meetings for the real
estate niche by placing callers without
accents is basically what they're doing.
So, in this video, I'm going to go over
what we should see and what should be
happening for each part of their funnel.
I'm going to make a checklist that I'll
go through, and then I'm going to do a
summary of what they are not doing, and
then some suggestions. So, if you never
watched one of my videos before, this is
the funnel that I always go over. I made
this in Muroboard. It's a visualization
of a excellent agency funnel that is
capable of basically scaling infinitely.
So that's what we're going to be going
through, seeing what they have in this,
what they don't have, what they should
improve, and so on. So I've put together
a bunch of links that I found for this
client. And we're going to go over
through all of these one at a time. So
the first thing that I always like to
solve or review is the search results.
And the basically the main thing we're
looking to do, like main thing we're
looking for is what happens when someone
Googles this person. So many of the
people who receive our outreach or see
our ads are not going to really respond
or click to them. They're basically
going to be googling them and seeing
what happens and seeing what they can
find. The worst possible situation is
nothing comes up at all. That is
terrible and it's like you're an
anonymous scammer on the internet. The
second worst thing is bad stuff comes
up. That's still better than nothing.
And then the final thing is going to be,
you know, it's all excellent. So
basically what we're going to do is
we're going to be looking for their
website, their YouTube, their LinkedIn,
their Twitter, Instagram, Facebook, and
then some other kinds of stuff. Usually
third party review sites, free
communities, that kind of stuff. So I
pulled it up here. I actually have a tab
limiter that I'm going to put pause on
so these tabs don't go away. But there
we can see the website. What I would
like to do is I would like to see kind
of the more drop-down menu, if you know
what that means, where you have all the
different pages. We see the LinkedIn, we
see some Reddit stuff, we have the
Instagram.
Um,
what I think we should be seeing is some
sort of review sites, we have looks like
these, we have a which is a
community. We're not really seeing the
any YouTube videos on the first page,
which I think is a missed opportunity
for what we're doing here. So, in
summary, what I would be suggesting is
we need to Let's move my mic a little
bit out of the way.
What we need to do here is we need to
have a better
website indexing with multiple pages
that take up more space. It is currently
easy to miss the website.
The second thing I would say, and I'm
going to probably do three suggestions
for everything. We need to have 6 to 12
YouTube videos, hopefully long form
master class
and or case studies
that show up when someone Googles.
Oh my god, with the typing. This is a
great
chance to show your face, build trust,
etc. Very, very important. You do, if
you Google me, for example, you Google
thousandx leads or something.
Uh, it's a bad example at this point.
Matthew Larson
marketing
like what we're looking for is this to
show up. So you could have, you know,
Ben Kaplan, no accent colors, or just no
accent colors. We're looking for some of
this to show up that shows our face,
shows that we're a real person and that
kind of stuff. And then the final thing
is sign up for all of the review sites
and start collecting reviews.
So stuff like Google Business, stuff
like Trustpilot, stuff like Clutch.co,
Upidity, whatever is relevant to that
niche of sites. and so on is what we
really need. So there we have it. We
have the LinkedIn, we have the
Instagram. We're going to take a look at
those after, but it's just stuff that we
need. So the next thing that we usually
do is go over the offers. So the main
thing we want to review based on their
site, based on their search results,
based on everything is we want to
immediately understand what their offer
is and who it's for. Cuz the problem
with many agencies and websites is you
go to their site and they have so much
jargon or they have so much crap that
you don't even know what they do at
first glance. Remember, when someone's
checking you out, it's not like they're
a warm lead. It's not like they're your
mother. It's not like they're your
friend. It's not like they're me on this
YouTube video. They likely don't care
that much to go and figure it out. If
it's not obvious what they're you do
immediately, they're just going to
bounce. So, the things that I usually
look for is do we know what their offer
is based on the above the fold? Do we
know who it's for based on the above the
fold? Do we know the deliverables? Do we
know the road map and timeline? And then
we do we know how to get started. Those
five things are basically the most
important things that we can do. So the
above the fold is the area that's
available on the like basically without
scrolling. So that's on desktop, but
more importantly it's on mobile. So I
have this like great Chrome extension
that my friend did called Mobile
Simulator where you could just kind of
do this. So what do you think? So,
looking for cost effective overseas cold
callers. Pretty good. Meet no accent
callers. I really hate that headline. I
kind of despise that headline. Like,
it's you need to do something with a
result there. But affordable foreign
callers with no accents that help
businesses scale their outbound team at
80% less of the cost. In my view, like
this should be more should be more what
the headline should be than
you know what it is. I would probably
put the headline as cost effective
overseas cold callers and then have this
as the headline. We do know who it's for
kind of based on the above the fold. We
do know what it is. So, we're going to
give them points for that. I think that
it would be better if we essentially put
this here as this. So, cost effective
overseas cold callers and then had a
call out for who it's for. I think that
would be even better. So essentially,
we do know what their offer is. We kind
of know who it's for. It's anybody who
needs cold callers is implied. And the
kind of client who's on their site would
selfidentify. Okay, I need cold colors.
This is for me. But we could even make
it more clear. Do we know the
deliverables? So, let's see. So, let's
just go. Why no accent colors?
No accent colors brings the leads to you
industries. That's kind of kind of need
this. But below the fold, I would say
that we don't know the deliverables even
though they're implied. I would like to
see a section that specifically says
what they're going to do.
Do we know the road map and timeline? I
don't think we do either. And we're
going to go and do the same thing with
their actual funnel after, but I don't
think we do.
Then we do we know how to get started.
Book a call today is kind of a a half.
We'll give them half points for that.
But we need to have a section how to get
started. So what I would do is change
the we'll call it the overline to the
actual headline and then change the
overline to call out the target
audience.
Put a section for the deliverables
in plain English.
Put a road map and timeline section for
how long it takes between call booked to
them actually being
up and running. make a more clear how to
get started section beyond just the book
a call buttons is what I would do here.
So let's go back to the top because the
next section is going to be positioning.
So positioning is extremely extremely
important. So, the main thing we're
going to review here is we're going to
jump ahead to stuff like their ads as
well and their social medias and just
their brand in general and see if they
speak to the type of client they're
trying to attract. A lot of people
really mess this up usually in the sense
that the language they use, the offers
they have, the proof they have is
actually only appealing to a lower level
of client than they're after. And what
makes good positioning or not is really
based on who your target market is. Like
positioning for someone who's targeting
beginners would be atrocious positioning
for someone who's targeting Fortune 500
companies, but in the context of who
they're targeting, it could be
absolutely amazing positioning. So, I
just know that no Accent callers is
trying to target people who are going to
spend about 15k per month or more.
Usually that is going to be more
professional, more let's just say
established people who work in
wholesaling real estate. So we're going
to know and we're going to check out to
see if that really appeals to it. In my
view, it doesn't do a great job right
now. if I was to do it like tell them
exactly what to do because I know that a
lot of their clients are going to be um
basically
for this like real estate. I would be
putting stuff of instead of these stock
images or whatever they call them
graphics. I would be putting actual like
homes, actual stuff of that resonates
with the um target market. I'd be having
a VSSL specifically for that. I would be
putting proof and names of people who
are clients in those industries. Right
now, this really just feels like a
foreign looking website if for lack of a
better word. That's kind of what I guess
it kind of is on brand cuz they're
targeting for they're selling foreign
colors, but I think this is basically
just a clone of the ClickFunnels website
that doesn't have too much design
purposes behind it. And I think that a
lot more trust and a lot more just
everything could be built if we do a
better job with the positioning that's
just on the website for this. Uh, I
think there's literally no cover image.
There's no details. There's not really
anything. They should have some case
studies on here in the featured and page
posts. Um, Ben Kaplan is the owner here
and we won't go over his page, but I
don't think like it does a great job
speaking to said target audience
especially here. What we should be doing
here in my view
is we should be putting something like
this. Hit the bell. We should be having
featured stuff like case studies. He
only has one offer. We should be posting
stuff that resonates with the target
audience. And I don't think really any
of that is being done in my opinion
right here. There's a bunch of repost,
but there's just not much else going on.
Let's go over to Ben Kaplan. Kind of a
blank Instagram. Same with this. Um, the
only problem I see with this is that and
there's nothing that can be solved is
but if we're targeting like super old
established real estate brokerages, we
probably want to have a more
professional look type thing. Just my
honest opinion, even though Ben is a
friend of mine.
I don't know where the Facebook page is,
but
I would also be, you know, like this is
good, but we should be having real
thumbnails. We should be having all of
that kind of stuff that makes this kind
of good. I think a very interesting way
to do it for this type of business is
something like this where if you're not
going to spend time like going tons and
tons of in-depth content, we can just
answer different like questions kind of
in like a 3 to 8 minute long form format
with decent thumbnails and the people
who are coming in to book through ads or
coming in through book through outreach
are going to just see it and treat it
more like a nurture FAQ. you than
something that's actually going to get
substantial traffic.
So something like this um I think is not
excellent positioning. Like if you're if
you are trying to
see and attract like middle-aged
wellestablished wholesalers like this
dude, this bro in a cap is probably not
going to attract the right target
audience. I can't imagine a 45year-old
man who owns a brokerage that does, you
know, 30 million in revenues, married
with two kids, who lives in the suburbs,
like going to this ad and saying, "Wow,
like I need to hire this company." is
just what I would say from a positioning
standpoint. It is what it is in a lot of
cases like everybody's at different
stages. I'm sure that Ben is aware of
this. Um but it's just one of those
things. Looking to scale to 15 deals per
month so that you could build this is a
lot better. I would say
does it feel like the motivated sellers
are hiding from here? Let my team of
highly trained, highly qualified
accidental prof.
But I still don't think like
This would require a lot of work to
hiring like a face of the brand and an
actor. But I think that if you hired
someone to basically who's
a lot like a lot older, a lot more like
the target audience to read this exact
same script, I think it probably would
do uh a lot better and attract the right
type of people. Because realistically
what Ben's trying to do is attract
people who can spend 15k a month or
more, which is four, as far as I know,
cold colors. And I don't think any of
the assets brandwide right now scream
like that's who I'm trying to attract.
This kind of just looks like stock
images. It's not extremely explained in
my opinion. And we're not trying to
on Ben. We're trying to give a realistic
audit of his brand so we can have some
suggestions. So what we do like, do we
instantly know what problem they solve
looking by their profiles? We don't.
Does their content and website resonate
with the target market? I'd probably say
no. And are they using the proper type
of funnel for this? Basically, they're
having a an apply funnel, which I
believe is a book a call funnel.
Um,
let's try here.
I don't know why it's not doing it, but
whatever. I believe the book a call
funnel is probably the correct funnel
because everybody knows why they need
cold colors. It's not something that
requires any intro offer. It's not
something that requires a webinar. It's
not something that requires case study
might be good, but right now an apply
right to the book a call is probably the
correct funnel for this type of audience
who knows what they need and they're
just looking for someone to do it. So
you need or need to fill out all social
media profiles
with proper
more professional branding
speaks to the target audience more.
Current branding looks very foreign and
cheap
or non-existent.
Need to tailor the website to target,
you know, need to tailor website with
same feedback as above.
Need to get more serious looking people
in the ads. Even if they read the same
script, it will perform a lot better
with the target market as opposed to
21-year-old bros in their ads. Not
on 21-year-old bro. I'm sure
that ad performs, but it's just one of
those things.
So, the next thing that we should be
looking at is going to be the website.
And we kind of already did this, but
we're going to go a little bit more in
depth because at the start we kind of
did it to their offers, but we're doing
the website here now. So, do we know
what they do from their headline? We
kind of went there. We don't. We do it
from the overline and we kn know it from
the sub headline, but we need to really
change this to cost effective overseas
cold colors in my opinion.
Then we can also target the you know do
an overline here with the target
audience and it will just solve both
problems.
So I would say they somewhat have enough
optimized above the fold. If we just got
rid of this or changed it to a review or
a call out, we got this fixed up. We
made this so we can kind of read it on
three lines instead of four. Take that
successful business thing out. Put the
VSSL above the book of call. Then we'd
have an optimized above the fold.
There's also a lot of unnecessary space
taken up here. So, I would say no. We
don't have an optimize above the fold,
but it's about 7 out of 10.
Do we have a how it works section?
I would say not really. Not anything
that I would say that really
is schemable at the very me least. Do we
have the testimonials, reviews, and
proof? No. And do we have a how to get
started section? We don't really have
that either. We have this, but I
wouldn't say that's a get started
section. That's more of like a basic
call to action. I'm talking about book
your call. You're going to go over it
with Ben. We're going to do a recruiting
phase. We're going to do set up three
interviews. You're going to choose the
best one. We're going to hire them type
thing. So, I would say we really need to
do a better job of, you know, optimizing
the above the fold by making more space.
We need to add the how it works proof
and how to get started section.
Those there's not really any feedback to
those. They just don't exist. A lot of
the other sections I would say are not
that useful.
So, let's go to their funnel. So, we'll
go and we'll look from our ads. So,
let's just click on an ad because this
is going to be their funnel. So, they
have a few different ones. They have
obviously real estate, they have solar,
they have all that kind of stuff. So,
we're going to go and look at it here.
So, let's bring it over here. So, it's
right beside. Do they have an opt-in
form? No, I don't think that's a problem
in this case. I, you know, they just
kind of need their stuff to be there.
So, if we go to what were we doing here?
Let's open one of these videos.
Normally, you're going to want to have a
link right here at the very start and
the pinned comment. That is kind of
where they don't have this opt-in page.
We could add it like it could be a guide
for getting more leads and stuff, but
it's fine that we don't have it. Do they
have a sales page with VSSL and proof? I
open that here. So, they have a VSSL
kind of proof, I would say.
Okay. Okay, now we have some proof.
There we go. So, we do. Looks good.
What I would just do is I put a headline
summarizing it so it's more skimable,
but
like or I'd put their industries here,
but I would say this does well enough.
Do they have an application form? Yes,
they do. So, let's just see. What we're
looking for here is a few questions that
call
or like disqualify people. So, I like
this. It's do you like it puts the price
in there. I really really hate the
$1,545
per month to $25,000 per month range. I
understand that probably that's probably
true, but there's no reason to have such
a big number if 90% of your clients
don't have that. It's going to scare
people away in my opinion.
How many deals do you do a month?
Do you do your real estate business do
at least 10k per month?
So, we have a application form. Are they
DQed? Do they have a book a call page?
I'd probably put the headline up here as
well, just to reiterate and make it
congruent through the whole time.
I'd also probably like to ask more
information in this form. Um, I don't
know. But I usually will put the price
in this form. Again, I'll usually ask,
"How did you hear about me?" Which is
good for my information. How long did
you know about us? How where did you
find out about me and how long did you
know about us? Are two great questions
cuz those are really determined and they
give you more context to the call. If
someone on my form said, "I heard about
you from YouTube 6 months ago," that's
going to be a very, very different call
than I just received your cold email,
for example. and it's just good
information that helps you on the call.
I'm not going to basically schedule a
call here to see their thank you page. I
think that's just fine. And then do they
have a welcome flow and a pre-all flow?
I know for a fact that they do cuz
they're my client, but we're just not
going to do that for this one. So, put
an optin page with a master class as the
link from all content and redirect it to
the VSSL page. Put summary
or industry or something above each
piece of proof to provide context. Put
more questions on the calendarly that
are good info to know such as where did
you come from and how long have you
known about us. Change that type form to
a page instead of a popup.
you will get a higher conversion rate
due to better user experience.
Also
on the tight form don't have such a wide
range as it probably scares people away.
That's what we would say to here. Next
thing we're going to do is their
LinkedIn. So to give you an idea, we're
going to do the LinkedIn, then the
Facebook or then the Twitter, then the
Instagram, the Facebook, the Tik Tok,
the YouTube, the short form content, the
ads library, and then we're going to be
done for this video. So, let's go to
their LinkedIn. What we really want to
see is how their profile is set up, how
valuable or actionable their content is,
how often they post, and how consistent
they are. And then we're going to
basically review how effective or
ineffective they are at getting that
traffic to their funnel. So, if we just
go Ben's profile, I don't think this is
exceptional branding at all. I would
like to see at a real cover photo here.
I would like to see the problem they
solve here. I would like to see a lead
magnet link here.
just for starters really.
As far as their content goes,
most of his stuff is going to be reposts
or just once in every few months. I
would say he wants to make some threads
or some carousels and images daily. Uh
the proof is good. I like it a lot, but
very very inconsistent. So, I'll be
posting content about sales systems,
appointment setting systems, how to the
clients can set up their website, how
the clients can, you know, build out
their sales process, all the above. And
currently, that's just not happening.
I'd probably rate this LinkedIn as a D
to be honest, and the only reason it's a
D is because it exists. An F would be it
doesn't exist at all.
Fill out the cover image with proper
branding and a way better profile
picture. I guess is not a very
flattering profile picture for what
we're trying to attract.
Link a, you know, put the problem you
solve as your description and a link to
a lead magnet as your profile CTA. Start
posting at least once per day with
useful content on how the leads can grow
their business.
Set up your featured posts linking to
your correct industries. And that's just
for starters. This is really leaves a
lot to be desired. This LinkedIn, let's
just put it that way. It's just it's
just no good. So, let's go to Instagram.
Basically, this is going to be the
Instagram. We could also open up his
personal one and see if that's any
different.
So, we have more content on the personal
one.
I build call centers, no accent colors.
Probably take out the West Palm Beach.
Probably get a better profile picture.
What I'd be doing here is kind of like
doing like this
where we have a bunch of highlights that
we have basically testimonials, we have
results, we have hiring, we have
whatever. This looks a lot better than
what we have right here.
Let's see the highlights. Like this is
definitely not going to help you build
your business.
Just saying. But looks like we have some
content here. We have the website. We
have all that kind of stuff. I just be
posting more. So, this kind of stuff
gets dragged out. Like this is going to
be especially I don't know which profile
we're running the ads from. Running from
no accent colors. So, that's fine. But
if they find this, this is not going to
help you build your business. I'd
probably just delete that or make a real
business account for personal stuff.
Again, I like the thing that we're doing
here
which shows off the actual recording of
the callers. I think that's very good. I
think we really need to make this a lot
better. Uh just because this is where
the ads are actually being run from. So,
we need it to actually
be better than what it is. Everybody who
sees the ads, a lot of people are going
to click onto this Instagram and this is
what they're going to see. I don't think
this is a perfect representation of, you
know, being applicable to the target
audience. It's just uh what we're going
to say lightly. So, Instagram
need way better personal
and professional profile. Delete, hide
the old photos, stories, etc. of you
partying in college. That would be good.
Add actual professional looking
highlights
or clients, client wins, testimonials,
results, etc.
And then format your bio better so it is
easier to read. Like again, the no
accent colors one is especially
important because this is the one that
they're actually seeing in the ads. And
a lot of the clients come from ads. So,
they're clicking on this, they're seeing
this, and this is what they're going to
see. I don't know. I don't think that's
going to be really what you want.
It's just one of those things. So, we'll
do that. And it's going to be the exact
same feedback with Facebook, I imagine.
Where Let's click on this ad.
So, now we have here looks pretty dead.
We need that cover photo. We need way
better content. We need to post and keep
posting content.
We need to do something about either
getting client results or or not getting
better results. Um, it's not looking
good where your actual ads are going to
this profile that has two negative
reviews and nothing else. Has very very
little posts at all. Has no short form
content. So, this is actually a
situation where our ads are actually
being worse and negatively impacted by
our profiles. So, we really need to do
something here. So, get at least 10
client reviews on Facebook that are
positive to drown out the 100% negative
ones so far. Get the proper cover,
image, and branding. start posting short
form with your face daily. Like this is
currently actually terrible and this is
making his ads way worse to be honest.
No accent colors on Tik Tok. If the Tik
Tok doesn't play a big role, it doesn't
play a big role. I'm not really going to
say anything besides,
you know, start using Tik Tok
if applicable. wouldn't say this plays a
huge role in his business. So, not
really going to spend too much time
roasting it.
So, let's go to their cover or their
YouTube. No cover image right now at
all. Not good. This is not set up with
an actual link. So, if we go to Let's
just go to mine.
We want to have our lead magnet here and
we want to have this thing here. What
you do want to have what you do here.
So, we need to basically
make a cover image
and a link to your site lead magnet at a
very minimum.
So, no, their link is not going to their
main lead magnet. We click on it. We
need
you need to have link to your site lead
magnet
offer as the first line in all video
descriptions
and pinned comment.
Get proper video ideas plus titles
plus thumbnails plus scripted intros.
Start posting at least three times per
week. Something like Gen Zone if you
don't want to put in tremendous
effort.
So, not too much good going on to be
honest.
The end this video. If you're thinking
about hiring a VA,
you also need a better camera.
There's a way to generate I would
actually say that he has scripted
intros. So I'm not I'm going to be fair
here. So let's just do that.
Go to Fiverr. You can go hire someone
overseas. We'll probably manually skip
trace through Google search.
This probably is the right content to be
honest. It's just not posted
consistently. The titles are is there's
no thumbnails. It just is what it is.
But it probably is the right content. He
just needs to actually do the rest that
leads to actual traffic from this. The
last thing we're going to do is the
short form or actually the second last
thing is going to be the short form
content. So we have that on the LinkedIn
or the Instagram. It looks like I'd be
just posting that on Twitter and
especially Facebook because that's where
the ads are coming from. probably wants
to do the comment X and you'll get a
free guide on every post that will get
more comments and more traffic.
Definitely should be posting subtitles
right above below his chin. That's where
people are going to be drawn to the
most. And also like videos are played on
mute by default. Look at this. I would
have no idea what he's saying if I
didn't have if I didn't turn on the
sound. And spoiler alert, lots of people
won't be turning on the sound. It's just
one of those things.
Also, they don't have a caption, so
Instagram algorithm doesn't even know
what they're about. So, we just need to
make it better there.
Subtitles below the chin. Captions post
on all platforms. Use an actual cover
image. So, there's a few ways to do a
cover image. Like
my friend Nick here like does it like
this. makes it look really professional
in the feed. Very good.
Um, it's just what it is what it is and
we need to put some effort into it. The
final thing we're going to do is the ad
library. So, we're going to look at a
few things. Are their paid ads congruent
with their landing page? Do they have
subtitles? Do they have good visual
hooks and then good audio hooks?
So, we're not going to review the Well,
we could review um
the static ones because the headline's
very important. I think those are pretty
decent headlines to be honest.
Wholesalers, does anything leans feel
like this? But you want it to feel like
this. Let my team of highly trained,
highly qualified accidental professional
wholesalers.
Unless he has it set up, I think this
might actually get cut off in the feed.
But this but you wanted to feel like
this. Let my team of highly trained,
highly qualified accidental
professional.
I don't know if that's the proper hook
to be honest.
Wholesalers, just chasing leads feel
like this, but you want them to feel
like this. Let my team. So that's a
hook. Like what I'd be doing is I would
take this VSSL, I'd be recording three
or four new hooks every day and just be
flooding the ad library with this to be
honest. Same with
can't really do it with this, but
the volume of ads is not nearly
what's required to scale in the way that
he wants to scale in my opinion. So, the
second I found an ad that works, I would
just be taking that ad and editing tons
and tons of different hooks on it. You
could record the hooks at your desk,
could record them anywhere. It's just
trying and seeing what works the most.
So,
As far as congruency with the landing
page, Solar Pros get professional cold
colors book.
Yeah, I would say it's true. So, I think
it does a pretty good congruency. I
would definitely put this as a button on
a separate page, but these added things
look good. So, that is going to be my
review of No Accent Colors. U
think he's doing uh a really large
amount of revenue for something that is
not optimized on almost any platform.
So, that might sound critical, but that
is actually really good news because I'd
say that he could probably scale to two
to three times what he is now if he just
does some of the stuff I did in this
video, which is excellent news. For
every positive or for every negative,
there is a positive. Although, we have
almost nothing optimized here in the way
that I would suggest.
Sorry. Uh, that's a good news is because
if you do it the way I suggest, you're
going to really, really scale. So, I
hope this audit was valuable and I'll
see you next